Benjamin netanyahu's record fourth
address to a joint meeting of the US
Congress was not a historic moment of
statesmanship when the tyrants of tan
who hang gays from cranes and murder
women for not covering their hair are
praising promoting and funding you you
have officially become Iran's useful
idiots some of these
protesters that's amazing absolutely
amazing some of these protesters hold up
signs proclaiming gays for Gaza they
might as well hold up signs saying
chickens for
KFC netanyahu's speech was meant to
boost us support for Israel in the war
on Gaza launched after the October 7th
attack by Hamas his talking points and
Iran intent on wiping Israel off the map
the rise of global anti-Semitism the
need for continued us political and
Military Support Netanyahu rejected
International claims that Israel is
committing genocide the ICC prosecutor
accuses Israel of deliberately targeting
civilians but at the same time Hamas
Hamas does everything in its power to
put Palestinian civilians In Harm's Way
they fire Rockets from schools from
hospitals from mosques they even shoot
their own people when they try to leave
the war zone Congressional Republican
eager to Curry favor with election year
voters packed one side of the chamber
but on the other side empty seats a
protest against the man many Democrats
hold responsible for nearly 40,000
Palestinian deaths among the absent
former house Speaker Nancy Pelosi who
later called netanyahu's Speech one of
the worst ever vice president Kamala
Harris and Republican vice presidential
candidate JD Vance both on the campaign
Trail and the only Palestinian American
legislator Rashid Talib who instead
honored Han Al hamdun who has lost over
150 members of his extended family in
netanyahu's
genocide Netanyahu ended his speech with
a promise of total victory over Hamas
and left Capitol Hill with the
endorsement of only some of the people
he came to court Roselin Jordan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer